Restore previous ServiceMonitor and Grafana dashboard ConfigMap templates and values (#333)
hivemq/helm-charts: charts/hivemq-swarm/templates/NOTES.txt

  echo "Commander is available via http://127.0.0.1:8080"
  kubectl --namespace {{ .Release.Namespace }} port-forward svc/{{ include "hivemq-swarm.fullname" . }}-api 8080:{{ .Values.service.port }}
{{- end }}
{{- if hasKey .Values.monitoring "dedicated" }}

*** Warning ***

> Value `monitoring.dedicated` is deprecated and removed completely from the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value `monitoring.dedicated` is removed from the chart.
```

> Please, consider creating your own Prometheus Monitoring stack manually. Check https://docs.hivemq.com/hivemq-swarm/latest/clustering.html#monitor for more help and guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, create and setup your Prometheus Monitoring stack separately: check https://docs.hivemq.com/hivemq-swarm/latest/clustering.html#monitor for help.
```
